Update model support in readme (#370)
sgl-project/sglang: README.md

  - `python3 -m sglang.launch_server --model-path liuhaotian/llava-v1.6-34b --tokenizer-path liuhaotian/llava-v1.6-34b-tokenizer --port 3000`
- Yi-VL
  - see [srt_example_yi_vl.py](examples/quick_start/srt_example_yi_vl.py).
- StableLM
- Command-R
- DBRX

> - AWQ/GPTQ quantization
> - Marlin INT4

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- AWQ/GPTQ/Marlin quantization
```

> Model support can be added [here](https://github.com/sgl-project/sglang/tree/main/python/sglang/srt/models).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Model support can be added [here](https://github.com/sgl-project/sglang/blob/main/docs/model_support.md).
```
